[SHORT]
What a beautiful day it is on the beach, here in beautiful and sunny Hawaii.
We climbed to the top of the mountain in just under two hours; isn’t that great?
All the grandfather clocks in that store were set at exactly 3 o’clock.
Caught between a rock and a hard place.
When one door closes, another opens, but sometimes we look so long and regretfully at the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.
As clear as mud. An apple never falls far from the tree. As cold as ice. An axe to grind. Ants in his pants. The apple of his eye.
[MEDIUM]
Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of evry part of your life. Brian Tracy.
Studies show that people who type faster than average tend to practice 3 times longer than those who have average or below average wpm speeds. So again practice, practice, practice is the key.
[LONG]
Accuracy is just as important as speed because errors are mistakes. The time wasted making corrections from excessive errors far outweighs any advantage from typing the document faster. It is therefore more productive to correct errors with the backspace key immediately, rather than rushing through the typing exercise just to beat the clock.
It seems that you've been living two lives. One life, you're Thomas A. Anderson, program writer for a respectable software company. You have a social security number, pay your taxes, and you... help your landlady carry out her garbage. The other life is lived in computers, where you go by the hacker alias "Neo" and are guilty of virtually every computer crime we have a law for. One of these lives has a future, and one of them does not.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win, and the others, too.